Results. Methods. Each chapter is organized into sections describing the name and history, activity and specificity, structural chemistry, preparation, biological aspects, and distinguishing features for a specific peptidase. Abstract The Global Virus Network (GVN) was established in 2011 to strengthen research and responses to emerging viral causes of human disease and to prepare against new viral pandemics. Currently, the World Health Organization (WHO) has defined the infection as a global pandemic and there is a health and social emergency for the management of this new infection. Respiratory viruses were detected in 50 samples: rhinoviruses (23.1%), respiratory syncytial virus AB (8.7%), and coronavirus (6.8%). The proportion of subjects with other respiratory viruses was 145/501 (28.9%) cases and co-infection with the influenza virus plus another respiratory virus was detected in 7/501 (1.4%) cases. We provide an overview of respiratory virus-induced HI, including viruses such as respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), rhinovirus (RV), coronavirus (CoV) and influenza virus (IV). In the diagnostic process, clinical assessment scales can help clinicians to better predict suspected bacterial aetiology by selecting patients who should undergo a rapid antigen detection test. Herpes viruses and especially the cytomegalovirus and Epstein-Barr virus are among the most common of the opportunistic viral pathogens affecting these patients, in addition to respiratory viruses. Clinical data and use of health resources was gathered during hospital stay using a standard collection form and we compared single virus infection and viral coinfections. Abstract Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a respiratory tract infection caused by a newly emergent coronavirus, that was first recognized in Wuhan, China, in December 2019. Updates on the respiratory illness that has infected tens of thousands of people. A better understanding of respiratory syncytial virus molecular epidemiology is essential for developing new vaccines and antiviral drugs against respiratory syncytial virus. Cell. Some highly pathogenic viruses, such as Chikungunya virus, Japanese encephalitis virus, Yellow fever virus, Dengue virus, Hanta virus, SARS‐CoV, and H5N1 avian influenza virus can cause severe infectious diseases. These activities limit infection in cultured cells by many viruses, including dengue virus, Ebola virus, influenza A virus, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus, and West Nile virus. Etiology of EA COPD are mainly infectious, viral (rhinovirus, influenzae or parainfluenzae virus, coronavirus, adenovirus and respiratory syncytial virus) or bacterial (Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, or Moraxella catarrhalis). The third edition of the Handbook of Proteolytic Enzymes aims to be a comprehensive reference work for the enzymes that cleave proteins and peptides, and contains over 800 chapters. Abstract Objective to estimate the prevalence of infection by respiratory viruses in pediatric patients with cancer and acute respiratory infection (ARI) and/or fever. Efficient and productive virus infection often requires viral countermeasures that block innate immunity. Virological methods are needed to investigate the etiology of acute viral infection or the reactivation of a latent infection, as well as to follow virus load in antiviral treatments. In 24 cases, the virus was OC43 (50%); in 14 cases, the virus was NL63 (29%); and in 10 cases, the virus was 229E (21%). Studies of viral latency, reactivation, and of the cellular effects of viral infection will provide clues for future strategies in prevention and treatment of viral infections. Using severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) corona virus as a model system, STAR technology detected single copies of the viral genome in a two-gene multiplex. Abstract Respiratory viral infections, particularly respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and rhinovirus, are the most importance risk factors for the onset of wheezing in infants and small children. In this phase, data on ventilation, IAQ, thermal comfort parameters, respiratory and allergic health, airway inflammation biomarkers, respiratory virus infection patterns and parental and child stress were collected. No cross-reaction was detected with antibodies against avian influenza virus subtypes (H5, H7, and H9), Newcastle disease virus, Marek’s disease virus, infectious bursal disease virus, and chicken anemia virus. In recent years, duck hepatitis B virus and bovine viral diarrhoea virus have been tested as surrogates for hepatitis B and C viruses. Human respiratory syncytial virus is an important cause of severe respiratory disease in young children, the elderly, and in immunocompromised adults. RESULTS. This study explored respiratory viral infections with influenza virus, parainfluenza virus, respiratory syncytial virus, human metapneumovirus, human bocavirus, coronavirus, and other early diagnostic substances as confirmed by literature resources. Conclusions Infants in a neonatal intensive care unit who develop abrupt respiratory symptoms should be tested for respiratory viruses, especially respiratory syncytial virus. This study aims to present the clinical characteristics of 24 cases with asymptomatic infection screened from close contacts and to show the transmission potential of asymptomatic COVID-19 virus carriers. Viral envelope proteins from a variety of human pathogens including HIV-1, influenza virus, Lassa virus, SARS, Zika virus, dengue virus, and Ebola virus have evolved to be extensively glycosylated. 50.7% patients were male and 49.3% were female; 1.5% patients were asymptomatic cases, 63.8% patients were mild cases, and 36.2% patients were severe or critical cases. Prevention with anti-influenza virus vaccination and with monoclonal antibodies, in the case of syncytial respiratory virus, may reduce the incidence of pneumonia. An RVI diagnosis required respiratory symptoms and detection of a virus (ie, human rhinovirus/enterovirus, human metapneumovirus, influenza virus, parainfluenza virus, coronavirus, and/or respiratory syncytial virus). herpes simplex virus, varicella zoster virus and cytomegalo virus), hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus or influenza virus infections. The phylogenetic analysis is used in applied and fundamental virus research, including epidemiology, diagnostics, forensic studies, phylogeography, evolutionary studies, and virus taxonomy. Influenza and parainfluenza viruses, syncytial respiratory virus, herpes viruses and adenovirures are the most frequent causes of these severe infections. In general, influenza virus type A and syncytial respiratory virus are still the main pathogens involved in this entity. The case fatality rate of patients with 2019-nCoV infection is lower than that of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). The second study shows how RNAVLab allows scientists to study the viral RNA genome replication mechanisms used by members of the virus family Nodaviridae. Humans are highly susceptible to infection with respiratory viruses including respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), influenza virus, human metapneumovirus, rhinovirus, coronavirus, and parainfluenza virus. CoV infections can cause respiratory, gastrointestinal, and neurologic disease, depending on the strain of the virus and the site of infection. Infections in humans cause a broad clinical spectrum ranging from mild upper respiratory tract infection, to severe acute respiratory distress syndrome and sepsis. Even in the absence of severe symptoms, respiratory syncytial virus detection can prevent nosocomial transmission through infection control measures. A just emphasis is given to the role viral infections, particularly rhinovirus infections, play in exacerbations, and that played by respiratory syncytial virus, suspected of triggering the asthmatic syndrome. Three groups were designed: mock infection group (M), virus infection group (V), and virus infection and lycorine-treated after virus infection group (L). Results Moderate-high intensity and early onset season with predominance of influenza B virus (IVB) (63%) followed by an increase of circulation of influenza A virus (IVA). Changes in the immune response to viral infections in genetically predisposed individuals are very likely to be the main factors involved in the association between viral infection and asthma. This article covers specific issues relating to viral infection in SOT and HSCT; additional details regarding these viral infections are also found elsewhere in this text. Convalescent patients refer to recovered non-febrile patients without respiratory symptoms who had two successive (minimum 24 h sampling interval) negative RT-PCR results for viral RNA from oropharyngeal swabs. Currently in most laboratories, however, diagnosis of viral respiratory infections is still done using techniques based on detection of viral antigens, especially immunofluorescence assays. This virus also was found in patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). The most common associations were: human bocavirus and respiratory syncytial virus (32%), adenovirus and respiratory syncytial virus (30%), and parainfluenza virus type 3 and respiratory syncytial virus (23%). Both viruses are pneumovirus and the infections with human respiratory syncytial virus and BRSV have similar clinical, pathological, and epidemiological characteristics. Norwalk virus, Hawaii virus, Snow Mountain virus, Taunton virus, Southampton virus, Toronto virus (formerly mini-reovirus) and others; Astrovirus; Coronavirus; Torovirus; Cytomegalovirus (CMV) and possibly Picobirnavirus. Mice infected with mouse hepatitis virus strain JHM develop an inflammatory demyelinating disease in the central nervous system with many similarities to human multiple sclerosis. Its viral strains contain gene segments of three types of influenza viruses, namely swine influenza virus, avian influenza virus and human influenza virus. The association of amoxicillin and clavulanate is not indicated as the initial treatment of acute infection. Respiratory syncytial virus is the major cause of lower respiratory tract infection. The monthly detection rates of respiratory viruses, including adenovirus, respiratory syncytial virus, influenza virus, human coronavirus, and human rhinovirus, were collected from Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. We previously demonstrated that JHM-infected mice that only have CD8 T cells specific for an epitope not in the virus develop demyelination on specific activation of these cells. Human adenovirus, non-respiratory viruses including human immunodeficiency virus, human metapneumovirus, influenza virus, human rhinovirus, and respiratory syncytial virus are especially stressed. This study demonstrates that hMPV is a respiratory pathogen and indicates that viral replication is short-lived, polarized to the apical surface, and occurs primarily in ciliated respiratory epithelial cells. Replication of BRSV was demonstrated in the luminal part of the respiratory epithelial cells and replication in the upper respiratory tract preceded the replication in the lower respiratory tract. Sources A search was conducted in PubMed, Lilacs, and SciELO databases, between the years 2002 and 2013, using the following descriptors: asthma exacerbation, virus, child, and acute respiratory infection. The causative organisms of sore throat may be bacteria (most commonly Streptococcus) or viruses (typically rhinovirus), although it is difficult to distinguish bacterial from viral infections clinically. Since December 2019, corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) , an emerging infection disease occurred in Wuhan, has spread in the mainland China. Results The results demonstrated effective inactivation of West Nile virus, vaccinia virus and a model virus, bovine viral diarrhoea virus, during pasteurization, solvent/detergent treatment and caprylate treatment. Mortality after rhinovirus lower respiratory tract infection was similar to that after lower respiratory tract infection by respiratory syncytial virus, parainfluenza virus or influenza in an adjusted model. The risk of concurrent bacterial infection has been reported to be negligible in children over three months of age with a confirmed viral infection. This study attempted to determine the clinical and epidemiological characteristics of adult patients with respiratory infection by the coronavirus OC43, NL63 and 229E. BACKGROUND: Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), human Rhinovirus (HRV) and human Metapneumo Virus (HMPV) are important viral pathogens causing acute respiratory tract infections in the hospitalized patients. Vaccines included the univalent vaccine of Newcastle Disease virus (ND), Egg Drop Syndrome virus (EDS), Infectious Bronchitis virus (IB), and Infectious Bursal Disease virus (IBD). OBJECTIVES: To study the relationships between A(H1N1)pdm09 influenza infection and infections with other respiratory viruses such as respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), human metapneumo virus (hMPV), adenovirus and seasonal influenza. RESULTS: This xMAP detection demonstrated no nonspecific reactions with avian influenza virus (AIV), avian leukosis virus (ALV), newcastle disease virus (NDV), and Marek’s disease virus (MDV). Both helper T cells and suppressor T cells in patients with COVID-19 were below normal levels, and lower level of helper T cells in severe group. Cell Biol. Six viruses predominated amongst positive swabs: Rhinovirus (28%), Influenza virus (17%), Coronavirus (8%), Enterovirus (5%), Respiratory syncytial virus (3%), Metapneumovirus virus (2.5%) and Parainfluenza virus 3 (1.8%). The other viruses detected were respiratory syncytial virus (6.1%), parainfluenza virus 3 (1%), influenza virus A (7.8%), influenza virus B (7.2%), rhinovirus (6.4%), enterovirus (1%), and adenovirus (2%). In vitro, the patient’s cells do not control three respiratory viruses, influenza A virus (IAV), parainfluenza virus (PIV), and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Similarly, bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV) is causing severe, sometimes fatal, respiratory disease in calves. Inhalation of microbial aerosols can elicit adverse human health effects including infection, allergic reaction, inflammation, and respiratory disease. Influenza virus A (including H1N1), influenza virus B, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), and Streptococcus pneumoniae were independently associated with acute respiratory tract infections. In severe cases, COVID-19 can be complicated by the acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), sepsis and septic shock, and multiorgan failure. Viral infection is associated with both direct (invasive disease) and indirect (immune modulation) effects affecting susceptibility to other infections and promoting allograft rejection. Introduction: Respiratory viruses (influenza, parainfluenza, respiratory syncytial virus, coronavirus, human metapneumovirus, and rhinovirus) represent the most common causes of respiratory viral infections in immunocompromised patients. This sequence represents one of the largest genomic deletions detected in a human RNA virus and describes large-scale viral mutation associated with myeloablation for HCT. Viruses are important etiologic agents and infection with bovine respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and parainfluenza type 3 virus (PI-3 virus) may result in extensive, and sometimes fatal, lung damage. Multiplex PCR was performed to detect respiratory viruses: influenza virus, adenovirus, coronavirus, respiratory syncytial virus, rhinovirus, human metapneumovirus, parainfluenza virus, bocavirus, and enterovirus. OBJECTIVE: To determine the frequency rate of C. pneumoniae, rhinovirus, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), influenza virus, metapneumovirus, adenovirus’, parainfluenza virus and coronavirus in acute respiratory tract infections in children. Here, we used a full-length, direct RNA sequencing (DRS) approach based on nanopores to characterize viral RNAs produced in cells infected with a human coronavirus. H5N1 virus infection stimulated significantly higher CEACAM1 protein expression when compared to influenza A PR8 (H1N1) virus, suggesting a key role for CEACAM1 in influenza virus pathogenicity. Considering the rapid spread of the infection, all patients in France must be considered as potentially infected by the virus. The effect of a prior infection of the host by infectious bronchitis virus or infectious bursal disease virus on the subsequent emergence of virulent Newcastle disease virus was examined. Successful virus infection of host cells requires efficient viral replication, production of virus progeny and spread of newly synthesized virus particles. The most burdensome infectious agents were: hepatitis C virus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Escherichia coli, human papillomavirus, hepatitis B virus, human immunodeficiency virus, Staphylococcus aureus, influenza virus, Clostridium difficile, and rhinovirus. We show that IFITM expression reduces HIV-1 viral protein synthesis by preferentially excluding viral mRNA transcripts from translation and thereby restricts viral production. Most importantly, extracellular ADP restricts the replication of different kinds of viruses, including vesicular stomatitis virus, Newcastle disease virus, herpes simplex virus 1, and murine leukemia virus. Lower respiratory viral infections, such as influenza virus and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV2) infections, often cause severe viral pneumonia in aged individuals. The prevalence of viral infection was estimated and association tests were used (χ2 or Fisher's exact test). These results suggest that influenza virus M2 protein is involved in p58(IPK) mediated PKR regulation during influenza virus infection, therefore affecting infected-cell life cycle and virus replication. Activities against rabies virus, Human immunodeficiency virus, Chandipura virus, Japanese Encephalitis Virus, Enterovirus, Influenza A/H1N1 and other influenza viruses were discovered during the literature search. Virus employed for this study was dengue virus which is a notorious one in tropical and subtropical regions of the world. Mice infected with the coronavirus mouse hepatitis virus, strain JHM (JHM) develop a disease that shares many histological characteristics with multiple sclerosis. Respiratory viruses infections caused by influenza viruses, human parainfluenza virus (hPIV), respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and coronaviruses are an eminent threat for public health. The IFITM family of proteins inhibit a growing number of pathogenic viruses, among them influenza A virus, dengue virus, hepatitis C virus, and Ebola virus. Influenza is the most common virus associated with severe viral pneumonia, although other important causes include respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, metapneumonia virus, and coronaviruses. Three distinct types of influenza viruses are recognized, influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and influenza C virus, based on antigenic differences in the nucleoprotein and matrix proteins. Healthy with viral infection, C. Mild to moderate asthma and D. Same as C, but with viral infection. Similar pathogens, including human rhinovirus, respiratory syncytial virus, influenza virus, parainfluenza virus, and coronavirus, are also frequently detected during exacerbation of asthma and/or COPD. H5N1 virus infection stimulated significantly higher CEACAM1 protein expression when compared to low pathogenic PR8 H1N1 virus, suggesting a key role for CEACAM1 in influenza virus pathogenicity. Interestingly, we found that several viral proteases encoded by the foot and mouth disease virus, porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus, and equine arteritis virus also cleaved TANK. Here, we use IBV, a BSL-2 virus, as a model for studying the role of Abl kinase activity during coronavirus infection. Approach – The chapter begins with a rhetorical analysis of one particularly influential account of the 2003 severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak. More epidemiological studies and improved quantitative detection techniques are needed to define the role of viral coinfections in respiratory disease and its correlation with the clinical severity. In a time course pathogenesis study, animals were evaluated at 2, 4, and 7 days after infection for morphological changes and evidence of viral replication. This is particularly true for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), West Nile virus (WNV) disease, Toscana virus (TOSV) disease, and potentially for avian influenza virus (H5N1). In addition, the established RT-LAMP differentiated TGEV from porcine epidemic diarrhea virus, porcine rotavirus, porcine pseudorabies virus, porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus, and avian infectious bronchitis virus. Our results indicated that rhinovirus, respiratory syncytial virus A and influenza B virus are important viral pathogens causing respiratory infection in military trainees, respectively. Enveloped animal viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus, human papillomavirus, Marburg, and influenza are major public health concerns around the world. Acute respiratory tract infections can be divided into infections that predominantly affect the upper respiratory tract above the vocal cords and those that affect the lower respiratory tract. The relationship between viral load and multiple virus infections was virus specific, and this may serve as a way to differentiate viruses in multiple virus infections. Indeed, inhibition of virus replication has been reported for several human pathogens including human immunodeficiency virus, the hepatitis B and C viruses and influenza virus. This unit describes how to infect cells with vaccinia virus and then transfect them with a plasmid-transfer vector or PCR fragment to generate a recombinant virus. While influenza is the most common cause of viral respiratory infections among older adults, several other respiratory viruses also cause significant morbidity and mortality, most notably respiratory syncytial virus. Respiratory diseases are also associated with a large number of viruses such as rhinoviruses, coronaviruses, parainfluenza viruses, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), influenza virus, and adenovirus. Among the examined viruses, human T-lymphotropic virus 1, Rubella virus, and hepatitis C virus present the highest number of viral overlaps to the human proteome. We review here efforts to develop next-generation vaccines through targeting these key immunomodulatory genes in influenza virus, coronaviruses, respiratory syncytial virus, measles virus, and mumps virus. The virus showed closest relationship with two human pathogenic viruses, Colorado tick fever virus and Eyach virus, and was able to infect various human cell lines in vitro. In addition, the activity of these membrane-active virus proteins may be related to virus interference with host cell metabolism and with the cytopathic effect that develops after virus infection. The resource is located at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genome/viruses/variation/ and includes modules for seven viral groups: influenza virus, Dengue virus, West Nile virus, Ebolavirus, MERS coronavirus, Rotavirus A and Zika virus. To assess the role of T cells in EBOV GP/rVSV pathogenesis, T cells were depleted in TIM-1-sufficient and -deficient mice and the mice were challenged with virus. The polymerase chain reaction (PCR) was used to evaluate myocardial tissue for the presence of viral genome from feline panleukopenia virus, herpes virus, calici virus, and corona virus. Pathogens causing significant respiratory disease in growing pigs include Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus, Porcine circovirus 2, swine influenza virus, porcine respiratory coronavirus, Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae, and Bordetella bronchiseptica. However, in the case of super-infection, the second virus, either AIV or IBV, induced a decrease in the growth of the first inoculated virus. Compared to symptomatic infection, asymptomatic viral infection in infants is associated with young age, male sex, low viral load, specific viruses, and single virus detection. Disease progression along with high mortality is frequently associated with respiratory syncytial virus, parainfluenza virus, influenza virus, and metapneumovirus infections. RESULTS: Among 126 patients who underwent multiplex RT-PCR, respiratory viral infection was identified in 46% (58/126): 28 patients with influenza and 30 patients with other respiratory viruses. No cross-reactivity was found with respiratory syncytial virus, parainfluenza virus 1–3, adenovirus, human bocavirus, human rhinovirus, influenza virus A and B, human coronaviruses and enteroviruses. The associated pathogens comprise respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), human metapneumovirus (HMPV), coronavirus, enterovirus/rhinovirus, influenza virus, parainfluenza virus, adenovirus, and human bocavirus. Respiratory syncytial virus was the most common virus identified (124 cases [41.6% of those tested]), and coinfection was detected in 51 cases (41.1%) of infection with this virus. Infection by most viruses triggers apoptosis in host cells, and viruses manipulate this cell response to promote viral replication, virus spread, and cell killing. Influenza virus was the most frequently isolated virus, followed by enterovirus/rhinovirus, coronavirus, bocavirus, metapneumovirus, parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, 3, and 4, and respiratory syncytial virus. Many different agents, such as influenza and parainfluenza virus, respiratory syncitial virus, rhinovirus, coronavirus, adenovirus and herpes virus can be found in immuno-competent patients. Previous studies have shown that respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), human rhinovirus (HRV), human metapneumovirus (HMPV), human parainfluenza virus (HPIV), and human enterovirus infections may be associated with virus-induced asthma. The aim of this work was to report a series of patients hospitalized on digestive surgery services who developed a nosocomial infection with SARS-Cov-2 virus.